Update kpack.md about recent kpack donation to CNCF (#619)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/tools/kpack.md

title="kpack"
+++

> [kpack][kpack] is a Kubernetes native platform, belonging to the Buildpacks [buildpacks] project. It utilizes unprivileged Kubernetes primitives to provide builds of OCI images as a platform implementation of Cloud Native Buildpacks (CNB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[kpack][kpack] is a Kubernetes native platform, belonging to the [Buildpacks Community](https://github.com/buildpacks-community) organization. It utilizes unprivileged Kubernetes primitives to provide builds of OCI images as a platform implementation of Cloud Native Buildpacks (CNB).
```

Reviewer: Should we link to `[announcement]`?
